I'm so sorry.
This He Yu is my younger brother
He is also inviting friends to dinner
I explained the situation to him
And he was talking.
What do you mean the guests are more important than you?
Refused to vacate the box
Well, I'm trying to persuade him.
I'm really sorry.
My brother?
I'm usually spoiled by my third uncle
You adults don't remember villains
Mr. Yang is overthinking
Why would I bother with a child?
But I was curious.
Which distinguished guest did your brother invite?
Oops wife
Your status should be much more noble than his, right?
Who taught you what to say, brat?
Who is more noble than the other?
The one Shen Yi called just now was the old witch
Could it be this one?